8. Array Methods in JS?
https://github.com/subhramukherjee2398/js-hindi-youtube/blob/main/02_basics/01_arrays.js
Ans : push(): It will add the value in the array
pop(): Remove the last available value in array
unshift(): Value will be added at the start, But here problem is, we need to shift all values to right
shift(): remove the first element from an array
Some array method will answer in yes or no, like includes(), so based on true or false, we can write the condition and judge the value
join(): add all the element in the array but gives output into string
slice(): It will not update the orignal array, here last range is not included, will give the extracted array from start to end value
splice(): It will update the original array, Gives the extracted array as output.
concat(): It will combine 2 arrays and gives the new array
spread operator: think glass of water, when glass fall ➜ water spread to the ground : remember
In spread operator, we will get the spread out values
flat(): This method is used to flatten the array, we need to mention the depth as a pramater
Array.isArray(): To check the given array is array or not, it will give true or false response
Array.from(): this method will convert any given number/name into array
If we pass an array in from, then we need to mention, do we need to create the array for keys or values
Array.of() : Will give the newly formed array, will convert any values into new array


9.difference between slice and splice?
Ans : slice() will give the extracted array, splice() will update the original array

10.Array.from() vs Array() ?
Ans : Array.from() will convert the given value into array, Array() will create the array with given values

11.Array.from({ length: 5 }) vs Array.from({ length: 5 }, (_, index) => index) ?

12.Object.freeze() in JS?
Ans : Object.freeze() will freeze the object, it will not allow any changes in the object

13.Object.seal() in JS?
Ans : Object.seal() will seal the object, it will not allow any changes in the object

14.Object.preventExtensions() in JS?
Ans : Object.preventExtensions() will prevent the object to add new properties, it will not allow any changes in the object

15.Object.is() in JS?
Ans : Object.is() will check the given object is equal to the object or not, it will give true or false response

16.Object.assign() in JS?
Ans : Object.assign() will copy the properties from the source object to the target object, it will give the new object

17.Object.freeze() vs Object.seal() vs Object.preventExtensions() in JS?
Ans : Images

18.Object.entries , Object.values , Object.keys in JS?

Ans : Images

19.Spread vs Rest in JS?

Ans : 
